README.md, before:


![github_banner](https://github.com/shubham0204/shubham0204/assets/41076823/613fdb60-7bd7-4937-8036-2c392fe0ab11)

<h1 align="left">Shubham Panchal</h1>

> [!NOTE]  
> Open for Android or ML-based freelancing projects, internship opportunities or technical blogging

## 🙂 Reach me at

- Send a message on [panchalshubhamdev@gmail.com](mailto:panchalshubhamdev@gmail.com)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/shubham-panchal-82ba92160/)
- [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/user/shubham0204_dev/)

## 🌐 Profiles

- [Website](https://shubham0204.github.io)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/shubham-panchal-82ba92160/)
- [Medium](https://equipintelligence.medium.com)
- [StackExchange](https://stackexchange.com/users/13120333/shubham-panchal)
- [Topmate](https://topmate.io/shubham_panchal)
- [Linktree (Link Aggregator)](https://linktr.ee/shubham0204)

<a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/13546426/shubham-panchal"><img src="https://stackoverflow.com/users/flair/13546426.png" width="208" height="58" alt="profile for Shubham Panchal at Stack Overflow, Q&amp;A for professional and enthusiast programmers" title="profile for Shubham Panchal at Stack Overflow, Q&amp;A for professional and enthusiast programmers"></a>

## Rust

- [text-predictor-android](https://github.com/shubham0204/text-predictor-android)
- [tfidf-summarizer.rs](https://github.com/shubham0204/tfidf-summarizer.rs) ![tfidf-text-summarizer downloads](https://img.shields.io/crates/d/tfidf-text-summarizer)
- [postagger.rs](https://github.com/shubham0204/postagger.rs) ![postagger downloads](https://img.shields.io/crates/d/postagger)
- [pq.rs](https://github.com/shubham0204/pq.rs)
- [diff-tool.rs](https://github.com/shubham0204/diff-tool.rs)

## Web

- [WASM-JS-Algorithms](https://github.com/shubham0204/WASM-JS-Algorithms)

## Backend

- [Recruiting/Shortlisting CVs with OpenAI's API (FastAPI)](https://github.com/swarajgosavi/LLM_Bankathon/tree/HireMate/backend)
- [blogpost-backend (FastAPI)](https://github.com/shubham0204/blogpost-backend)
- [INC-DBMS-Project (Ktor)](https://github.com/Advait0801/INC-DBMS-Project/tree/backend)

## Data Structures / Algorithms

- [text-predictor-android](https://github.com/shubham0204/text-predictor-android) (Trie for text-completion)
- [`glove.c`](https://github.com/shubham0204/glove.c) (Hashtable with open hashing / closed addressing for storing embeddings)
- [full-text-search](https://github.com/shubham0204/full-text-search) (Inverted Index)
- [diff-tool.rs](https://github.com/shubham0204/diff-tool.rs) (Longest common subsequence using backtracking)

## Mobile ML

- [Depth-Anything Inference On Android With ONNX](https://github.com/shubham0204/Depth-Anything-Android)
- [Deploying Scikit-Learn Models In Android Apps With ONNX](https://towardsdatascience.com/deploying-scikit-learn-models-in-android-apps-with-onnx-b3adabe16bab) ( [GitHub](https://github.com/shubham0204/Scikit_Learn_Android_Demo) )
- [Deploying TF models on Heroku for Android](https://heartbeat.comet.ml/deploying-tf-models-on-heroku-for-android-apps-8068f8363978) ( [GitHub](https://github.com/shubham0204/TensorFlow_Model_Deployment_Heroku_Android) )
- Realtime Depth Estimation In Android ( [GitHub](https://github.com/shubham0204/Realtime_MiDaS_Depth_Estimation_Android) )
- [MLKit Selfie Segmentation in Android](https://proandroiddev.com/realtime-selfie-segmentation-in-android-with-mlkit-38637c8502ba) ( [GitHub](https://github.com/shubham0204/MLKit_Selfie_Segmentation_Android) )
- [Using FaceNet For On-Device Face Recognition With Android](https://towardsdatascience.com/using-facenet-for-on-device-face-recognition-with-android-f84e36e19761) ( [GitHub](https://github.com/shubham0204/FaceRecognition_With_FaceNet_Android) )
- [Text2Summary Android](https://medium.com/@equipintelligence/introducing-text2summary-text-summarization-on-android-674b62419019) ( [GitHub](https://github.com/shubham0204/Text2Summary-Android) )
- [Q-Learning With The Frozen Lake Environment In Android](https://heartbeat.fritz.ai/q-learning-with-the-frozen-lake-environment-in-android-937cf48dcc52) ( [GitHub](https://github.com/shubham0204/QLearning_With_FrozenLakeEnv_Android) )
- [Hyperparameter Optimization With Genetic Algorithms in Kotlin](https://heartbeat.fritz.ai/hyperparameter-optimization-with-genetic-algorithms-in-kotlin-75e9c5a1e5ab) ( [GitHub](https://github.com/shubham0204/NN_GeneticAlgo_Optimization_Kotlin) )
- [Exploring Random Forests In Light Of Kotlin](https://heartbeat.fritz.ai/exploring-random-forests-in-the-light-of-kotlin-250210793248) ( [GitHub](https://github.com/shubham0204/Decision_Tree_On_Android) )
- Coding Feed-Forward Neural Networks in Kotlin (or Android) ( [GitHub](https://github.com/shubham0204/Feedforward_Neural_Network_Kotlin) )
- [Gaussian Naive Bayes ( for Iris Classification ) in Android](https://heartbeat.fritz.ai/implementing-the-gaussian-naive-bayes-classifier-in-android-67746b69d1b1) ( [GitHub](https://github.com/shubham0204/GaussianNaiveBayes_Android_App) )
- [How I made Skinly for Melanoma Detection in Android](https://medium.com/dataseries/how-i-made-skinly-for-melanoma-detection-in-android-6ad00f0bd26d) ( [GitHub](https://github.com/shubham0204/Skinly_for_Melanoma) )
- [Designing Decision Trees From Scratch on Android](https://medium.com/@equipintelligence/designing-decision-trees-from-scratch-on-android-68bf7ee0d01a) ( [GitHub](https://github.com/shubham0204/Decision_Tree_On_Android) )
- [Text Classification in Android with TensorFlow](https://medium.com/dataseries/spam-classification-in-android-with-tensorflow-lite-cde417e81260) ( [GitHub](https://github.com/shubham0204/Spam_Classification_Android_Demo) )
- [Sarcasm Detection using Word Embeddings in Android](https://medium.com/@equipintelligence/sarcasm-detection-using-word-embeddings-in-android-999a791d676a) ( [GitHub](https://github.com/shubham0204/Sarcaso_for_Android) )
- [Hands-on With Multiple Linear Regression on Android](https://medium.com/@equipintelligence/hands-on-with-multiple-linear-regression-on-android-723a29e4f690)
- [Bayes Text Classification in Kotlin for Android without TensorFlow](https://medium.com/predict/bayes-text-classification-in-kotlin-for-android-without-tensorflow-d10f1247c23d)
- [Introducing TensorFlow Lite Android Support Library](https://towardsdatascience.com/tensorflow-lite-android-support-library-simply-ml-on-android-561402292c80)

## Android

- [Document Scanner](https://github.com/shubham0204/Simple_Document_Scanner_Android)
- [MedSwift](https://github.com/Advait0801/PBL_23/tree/android)
                 
## Stories

- [On-Device Machine Learning In Android: Frameworks and Ecosystem](https://proandroiddev.com/on-device-machine-learning-in-android-frameworks-and-ecosystem-888bc42a1d21#9d2f-9c8d5ba90769)
- [Using C/C++ in Android: A Comprehensive Guide For Beginners](https://proandroiddev.com/using-c-c-in-android-a-comprehensive-guide-for-beginners-8a870cf3dba6)
- [Building A Cross-Platform TFIDF Text Summarizer In Rust](https://towardsdatascience.com/building-a-cross-platform-tfidf-text-summarizer-in-rust-7b05938f4507)
- [Managing Deep Learning Models Easily With TOML Configurations](https://medium.com/towards-data-science/managing-deep-learning-models-easily-with-toml-configurations-fb680b9deabe)
- [`glove-android`: Using GloVe Word Embeddings for NLP In Android](https://medium.com/proandroiddev/glove-android-using-glove-word-embeddings-for-nlp-in-android-b7e412cf5de6)
- [Chaquopy: Using Python In Android Apps](https://proandroiddev.com/chaquopy-using-python-in-android-apps-dd5177c9ab6b)
- [Using Websockets To Run Terminal Commands From Android Apps](https://medium.com/gitconnected/using-websockets-to-run-terminal-commands-from-android-apps-69f42b1d0b40)
- [Creating Desktop Apps For TensorFlow Models With Qt](https://medium.com/geekculture/creating-desktop-apps-for-tensorflow-with-qt-7b23d57c6557)
- [Building a Simple Document Scanner in Android](https://medium.com/geekculture/building-a-simple-document-scanner-in-android-1b4b11b3e407)
- [Deploying Scikit-Learn Models In Android Apps With ONNX](https://towardsdatascience.com/deploying-scikit-learn-models-in-android-apps-with-onnx-b3adabe16bab)
- [Empirical Distribution — Everything You Need To Know
](https://towardsdatascience.com/understanding-empirical-distributions-ed131de5f3df)
- [Human-In-The-Loop Systems — All You Need To Know](https://towardsdatascience.com/human-in-the-loop-systems-all-you-need-to-know-c260920b8acf)
- [Deploying TF Models on Heroku for Android Apps](https://heartbeat.comet.ml/deploying-tf-models-on-heroku-for-android-apps-8068f8363978)
- [Accessing App Usage History In Android](https://proandroiddev.com/accessing-app-usage-history-in-android-79c3af861ccf#6224)
- [No, Kernels & Filters Are Not The Same](https://towardsdatascience.com/no-kernels-filters-are-not-the-same-b230ec192ac9)
- [Deploying Pretrained TF Object Detection Models on Android](https://towardsdatascience.com/deploying-pretrained-tf-object-detection-models-on-android-25c3de92caab)
- [Realtime Selfie Segmentation In Android With MLKit](https://proandroiddev.com/realtime-selfie-segmentation-in-android-with-mlkit-38637c8502ba)
- [Grad-CAM: A Camera For Your Model’s Decision](https://towardsdatascience.com/grad-cam-camera-for-your-models-decision-1ef69aae8fe7)
- [MLP Mixer Is All You Need?](https://towardsdatascience.com/mlp-mixer-is-all-you-need-20dbc7587fe4)
- [Age + Gender Estimation in Android with TensorFlow](https://equipintelligence.medium.com/detecting-age-and-gender-with-tf-lite-on-android-33997eed6c25)
- [Using FaceNet For On-Device Face Recognition With Android](https://towardsdatascience.com/using-facenet-for-on-device-face-recognition-with-android-f84e36e19761)
- [Coding Feed-Forward Neural Networks in Kotlin (or Android)](https://heartbeat.fritz.ai/coding-feed-foward-neural-networks-in-kotlin-or-android-b93efd47538f)
- [Q-Learning With The Frozen Lake Environment In Android](https://heartbeat.fritz.ai/q-learning-with-the-frozen-lake-environment-in-android-937cf48dcc52)
- [Hyperparameter Optimization With Genetic Algorithms In Kotlin](https://heartbeat.fritz.ai/hyperparameter-optimization-with-genetic-algorithms-in-kotlin-75e9c5a1e5ab)
- [Image Classification With TensorFlow 2.0 ( Without Keras )](https://becominghuman.ai/image-classification-with-tensorflow-2-0-without-keras-e6534adddab2)
- [Get Started With TensorFlow 2.0 and Linear Regression](https://towardsdatascience.com/get-started-with-tensorflow-2-0-and-linear-regression-29b5dbd65977)
- [Cityscape Image Segmentation With TensorFlow 2.0](https://towardsdatascience.com/cityscape-segmentation-with-tensorflow-2-0-b320b6605cbf)
- [4 Awesome Ways Of Loading ML Data In Google Colab](https://towardsdatascience.com/4-awesome-ways-of-loading-ml-data-in-google-colab-9a5264c61966)
- [Neural Implanting With AutoEncoders and TensorFlow](https://towardsdatascience.com/neural-implanting-with-autoencoders-and-tensorflow-9c2c7b532198)
- [Colorizing B/W Images With GANs in TensorFlow](https://heartbeat.fritz.ai/colorizing-b-w-images-with-gans-in-tensorflow-f444f737db6c)
- [Exploring Random Forests In Light Of Kotlin](https://heartbeat.fritz.ai/exploring-random-forests-in-the-light-of-kotlin-250210793248)
- [Gaussian Naive Bayes ( for Iris Classification ) in Android](https://heartbeat.fritz.ai/implementing-the-gaussian-naive-bayes-classifier-in-android-67746b69d1b1)
- [Sarcasm Detection using Word Embeddings in Android](https://medium.com/@equipintelligence/sarcasm-detection-using-word-embeddings-in-android-999a791d676a)
- [Hands-on With Multiple Linear Regression on Android](https://medium.com/@equipintelligence/hands-on-with-multiple-linear-regression-on-android-723a29e4f690)
- [Bayes Text Classification in Kotlin for Android without TensorFlow](https://medium.com/predict/bayes-text-classification-in-kotlin-for-android-without-tensorflow-d10f1247c23d)
- [How I made Skinly for Melanoma Detection in Android](https://medium.com/dataseries/how-i-made-skinly-for-melanoma-detection-in-android-6ad00f0bd26d)
- [Text Classification in Android with TensorFlow](https://medium.com/dataseries/spam-classification-in-android-with-tensorflow-lite-cde417e81260)
- [Designing Decision Trees From Scratch on Android](https://medium.com/@equipintelligence/designing-decision-trees-from-scratch-on-android-68bf7ee0d01a)
- [Introducing TensorFlow Lite Android Support Library](https://towardsdatascience.com/tensorflow-lite-android-support-library-simply-ml-on-android-561402292c80)
- [Introducing Text2Summary: Text Summarization on Android](https://medium.com/@equipintelligence/introducing-text2summary-text-summarization-on-android-674b62419019)

### [Demystifying Mathematics - Shubham Panchal](https://medium.com/@equipintelligence/list/mathematics-demystified-7e4d1c18041f)

- [Kernels: Everything You Need to Know](https://towardsdatascience.com/kernels-everything-you-need-to-know-f5d255d95785)
- [Principal Component Analysis: Everything You Need To Know](https://towardsdatascience.com/principal-component-analysis-everything-you-need-to-know-5f834c9eaa83)
- [Demystifying Monte Carlo Integration](https://www.cantorsparadise.com/demystifying-monto-carlo-integration-7c9bd0e37689)
- [Demystifying Linear Independence](https://www.cantorsparadise.com/linear-independence-demystified-88235936722d)
- [Demystifying Probability Distributions ( 1 / 3 )](https://www.cantorsparadise.com/demystifying-probability-distributions-1-2-6db4a3fd3a60)
- [Demystifying Probability Distributions ( 2 / 3 )](https://equipintelligence.medium.com/demystifying-probability-distributions-2-3-ea4f5386113a)
- [Demystifying Probability Distributions ( 3 / 3 )](https://www.cantorsparadise.com/demystifying-probability-distributions-3-3-c06382b49e34)
- [Demystifying The Moore-Penrose Generalized Inverse](https://www.cantorsparadise.com/demystifying-the-moore-penrose-generalized-inverse-a1b989a1dd49)
- [Taylor Series And The Power Of Approximation](https://www.cantorsparadise.com/taylor-series-and-the-power-of-approximation-7d2c16596f89)
- [Entropy In The World Of Computer Science](https://medium.com/swlh/entropy-in-the-world-of-computer-science-2bd736e48c58)

## Google Colab Notebooks - Tutorials

- [Age + Gender Estimation in Android with TensorFlow](https://github.com/shubham0204/Age-Gender_Estimation_TF-Android)
- [Hyperparameter Optimization Using Keras Tuner API](https://colab.research.google.com/github/shubham0204/Google_Colab_Notebooks/blob/main/Hyperparameter_Optimization_Using_KerasTuner.ipynb)
- [Image Colorization With GANs](https://colab.research.google.com/github/shubham0204/Google_Colab_Notebooks/blob/main/ImageColorization_With_GANs.ipynb)
- [Chatbot using Seq2Seq LSTM models](https://colab.research.google.com/github/shubham0204/Google_Colab_Notebooks/blob/main/ChatBot_With_Seq2Seq.ipynb).
- [Neural Machine Translation (NMT) - Translating English sentences to French sentences](https://colab.research.google.com/github/shubham0204/Google_Colab_Notebooks/blob/main/Neural_Machine_Translation_(_Eng_French_).ipynb).
- [Neural Machine Translation (NMT) - Translating English sentences to Marathi sentences](https://colab.research.google.com/github/shubham0204/Google_Colab_Notebooks/blob/main/Neural_Machine_Translation_(_Eng_Mar_).ipynb).
- [Image Classification From Scratch With TensorFlow 2.0 **( Without Keras! )**](https://colab.research.google.com/github/shubham0204/Google_Colab_Notebooks/blob/main/Image_Classification_TF2.ipynb)
- [Cityscape Image Segmentation with TensorFlow 2.0 **( Without Keras! )** ](https://colab.research.google.com/github/shubham0204/Google_Colab_Notebooks/blob/main/CityScape_Image_Segmentation.ipynb)
- [Face Landmark Detection With TensorFlow](https://colab.research.google.com/github/shubham0204/Google_Colab_Notebooks/blob/main/Face_Landmark_Detection.ipynb)
- [Neural Implanting With TensorFlow](https://colab.research.google.com/github/shubham0204/Google_Colab_Notebooks/blob/main/Neural_Implanting_With_TF.ipynb)
- [Tweet Classification with MLP-Mixers ( TF-Keras )](https://www.kaggle.com/shubham0204/tweet-classification-with-mlp-mixers-tf-keras) ( [Story On Medium](https://towardsdatascience.com/mlp-mixer-is-all-you-need-20dbc7587fe4) )
- [From Paper To Keras: MobileNets With TensorFlow](https://colab.research.google.com/github/shubham0204/Google_Colab_Notebooks/blob/main/MobileNets_With_TensorFlow.ipynb)
- [From Paper To Keras: DenseNets With TensorFlow](https://colab.research.google.com/github/shubham0204/Google_Colab_Notebooks/blob/main/DenseNets_With_TensorFlow.ipynb)

## Spotlight

- [Age + Gender Estimation in Android with TensorFlow](https://github.com/shubham0204/Age-Gender_Estimation_TF-Android) used in [Realtime Age and Gender estimation using MLKit and Tensor Flow Android Studio | Visitor Analysis](https://youtu.be/_o_OFkZnK_8?feature=shared) YouTube video by [The Mobile Dev](https://www.youtube.com/@themobiledev)
- Notebook [Tweet Classification With MLP-Mixers ( TF-Keras ](https://www.kaggle.com/code/shubham0204/tweet-classification-with-mlp-mixers-tf-keras) referred by the paper [Distinguish risk communication and crisis communication based on deep learning model](https://pubs.aip.org/aip/acp/article/2927/1/060019/3279269/Distinguish-risk-communication-and-crisis)
- 
## Pull Requests

- [`handtracking` Android example to `victordibia/handtracking`](https://github.com/victordibia/handtracking/pull/71)
- [depth-estimation Android sample to `SunitRoy2703/Tensorflow-lite-kotlin-samples`](https://github.com/SunitRoy2703/Tensorflow-lite-kotlin-samples/pull/1)
- [air_drawing demo (a sample for hand landmark detection solution) to `googlesamples/mediapipe`](https://github.com/googlesamples/mediapipe/pull/82)
- [script for building Debian package to `ataractic/libcfg`](https://github.com/ataractic/libcfg/pull/4)
- [article `How to Integrate Firebase Authentication with the Ktor Auth Feature` to `mjovanc/awesome-ktor`](https://github.com/mjovanc/awesome-ktor/pull/12)
- [multiple Kotlin libraries like `kotlindl`, `dotenv-kotlin`, `multik` etc. to `mcxiaoke/awesome-kotlin`](https://github.com/mcxiaoke/awesome-kotlin/pull/115)
- [Android demo for `LiheYoung/Depth-Anything`](https://github.com/LiheYoung/Depth-Anything/pull/92)
- [Rust ML frameworks to `josephmisiti/awesome-machine-learning`](https://github.com/josephmisiti/awesome-machine-learning/pull/977)
- [Corrected Android sample code in `README.md` of `codeandtheory/YCharts`](https://github.com/codeandtheory/YCharts/pull/160)
- [Added Mediapipe and ExecuTorch frameworks to `merveenoyan/awesome-osml-for-devs`](https://github.com/merveenoyan/awesome-osml-for-devs/pull/1)
- [Added `gnp/minbpe-rs` to `karpathy/minbpe` as a community extension](https://github.com/karpathy/minbpe/pull/67)

Commit message:

add description for Rust and Web projects

README.md, after:


![github_banner](https://github.com/shubham0204/shubham0204/assets/41076823/613fdb60-7bd7-4937-8036-2c392fe0ab11)

<h1 align="left">Shubham Panchal</h1>

> [!NOTE]  
> Open for Android or ML-based freelancing projects, internship opportunities or technical blogging

## 🙂 Reach me at

- Send a message on [panchalshubhamdev@gmail.com](mailto:panchalshubhamdev@gmail.com)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/shubham-panchal-82ba92160/)
- [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/user/shubham0204_dev/)

## 🌐 Profiles

- [Website](https://shubham0204.github.io)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/shubham-panchal-82ba92160/)
- [Medium](https://equipintelligence.medium.com)
- [StackExchange](https://stackexchange.com/users/13120333/shubham-panchal)
- [Topmate](https://topmate.io/shubham_panchal)
- [Linktree (Link Aggregator)](https://linktr.ee/shubham0204)

<a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/13546426/shubham-panchal"><img src="https://stackoverflow.com/users/flair/13546426.png" width="208" height="58" alt="profile for Shubham Panchal at Stack Overflow, Q&amp;A for professional and enthusiast programmers" title="profile for Shubham Panchal at Stack Overflow, Q&amp;A for professional and enthusiast programmers"></a>

## Rust

- [text-predictor-android](https://github.com/shubham0204/text-predictor-android): Next word prediction and word auto-complete for Android - with the power of Rust 
- [tfidf-summarizer.rs](https://github.com/shubham0204/tfidf-summarizer.rs) ![tfidf-text-summarizer downloads](https://img.shields.io/crates/d/tfidf-text-summarizer): Simple, efficient and cross-platform TFIDF-based text summarizer in Rust
- [postagger.rs](https://github.com/shubham0204/postagger.rs) ![postagger downloads](https://img.shields.io/crates/d/postagger): NLTK inspired Parts-of-Speech Tagger (Perceptron Tagger) in Rust
- [pq.rs](https://github.com/shubham0204/pq.rs): Pure Rust implementation of Product Quantization for Approximate Nearest Neighbor Search
- [diff-tool.rs](https://github.com/shubham0204/diff-tool.rs): A simple terminal-based diff tool written in Rust

## Web

- [shubham0204.github.io](https://github.com/shubham0204/shubham0204.github.io): My portfolio built with HTML 5, CSS and Bootstrap 5.3
- [WASM-JS-Algorithms](https://github.com/shubham0204/WASM-JS-Algorithms): Implementation of various algorithms in WebAssembly and vanilla Javascript

## Backend

- [Recruiting/Shortlisting CVs with OpenAI's API (FastAPI)](https://github.com/swarajgosavi/LLM_Bankathon/tree/HireMate/backend)
- [blogpost-backend (FastAPI)](https://github.com/shubham0204/blogpost-backend)
- [INC-DBMS-Project (Ktor)](https://github.com/Advait0801/INC-DBMS-Project/tree/backend)

## Data Structures / Algorithms

- [text-predictor-android](https://github.com/shubham0204/text-predictor-android) (Trie for text-completion)
- [`glove.c`](https://github.com/shubham0204/glove.c) (Hashtable with open hashing / closed addressing for storing embeddings)
- [full-text-search](https://github.com/shubham0204/full-text-search) (Inverted Index)
- [diff-tool.rs](https://github.com/shubham0204/diff-tool.rs) (Longest common subsequence using backtracking)

## Mobile ML

- [Depth-Anything Inference On Android With ONNX](https://github.com/shubham0204/Depth-Anything-Android)
- [Deploying Scikit-Learn Models In Android Apps With ONNX](https://towardsdatascience.com/deploying-scikit-learn-models-in-android-apps-with-onnx-b3adabe16bab) ( [GitHub](https://github.com/shubham0204/Scikit_Learn_Android_Demo) )
- [Deploying TF models on Heroku for Android](https://heartbeat.comet.ml/deploying-tf-models-on-heroku-for-android-apps-8068f8363978) ( [GitHub](https://github.com/shubham0204/TensorFlow_Model_Deployment_Heroku_Android) )
- Realtime Depth Estimation In Android ( [GitHub](https://github.com/shubham0204/Realtime_MiDaS_Depth_Estimation_Android) )
- [MLKit Selfie Segmentation in Android](https://proandroiddev.com/realtime-selfie-segmentation-in-android-with-mlkit-38637c8502ba) ( [GitHub](https://github.com/shubham0204/MLKit_Selfie_Segmentation_Android) )
- [Using FaceNet For On-Device Face Recognition With Android](https://towardsdatascience.com/using-facenet-for-on-device-face-recognition-with-android-f84e36e19761) ( [GitHub](https://github.com/shubham0204/FaceRecognition_With_FaceNet_Android) )
- [Text2Summary Android](https://medium.com/@equipintelligence/introducing-text2summary-text-summarization-on-android-674b62419019) ( [GitHub](https://github.com/shubham0204/Text2Summary-Android) )
- [Q-Learning With The Frozen Lake Environment In Android](https://heartbeat.fritz.ai/q-learning-with-the-frozen-lake-environment-in-android-937cf48dcc52) ( [GitHub](https://github.com/shubham0204/QLearning_With_FrozenLakeEnv_Android) )
- [Hyperparameter Optimization With Genetic Algorithms in Kotlin](https://heartbeat.fritz.ai/hyperparameter-optimization-with-genetic-algorithms-in-kotlin-75e9c5a1e5ab) ( [GitHub](https://github.com/shubham0204/NN_GeneticAlgo_Optimization_Kotlin) )
- [Exploring Random Forests In Light Of Kotlin](https://heartbeat.fritz.ai/exploring-random-forests-in-the-light-of-kotlin-250210793248) ( [GitHub](https://github.com/shubham0204/Decision_Tree_On_Android) )
- Coding Feed-Forward Neural Networks in Kotlin (or Android) ( [GitHub](https://github.com/shubham0204/Feedforward_Neural_Network_Kotlin) )
- [Gaussian Naive Bayes ( for Iris Classification ) in Android](https://heartbeat.fritz.ai/implementing-the-gaussian-naive-bayes-classifier-in-android-67746b69d1b1) ( [GitHub](https://github.com/shubham0204/GaussianNaiveBayes_Android_App) )
- [How I made Skinly for Melanoma Detection in Android](https://medium.com/dataseries/how-i-made-skinly-for-melanoma-detection-in-android-6ad00f0bd26d) ( [GitHub](https://github.com/shubham0204/Skinly_for_Melanoma) )
- [Designing Decision Trees From Scratch on Android](https://medium.com/@equipintelligence/designing-decision-trees-from-scratch-on-android-68bf7ee0d01a) ( [GitHub](https://github.com/shubham0204/Decision_Tree_On_Android) )
- [Text Classification in Android with TensorFlow](https://medium.com/dataseries/spam-classification-in-android-with-tensorflow-lite-cde417e81260) ( [GitHub](https://github.com/shubham0204/Spam_Classification_Android_Demo) )
- [Sarcasm Detection using Word Embeddings in Android](https://medium.com/@equipintelligence/sarcasm-detection-using-word-embeddings-in-android-999a791d676a) ( [GitHub](https://github.com/shubham0204/Sarcaso_for_Android) )
- [Hands-on With Multiple Linear Regression on Android](https://medium.com/@equipintelligence/hands-on-with-multiple-linear-regression-on-android-723a29e4f690)
- [Bayes Text Classification in Kotlin for Android without TensorFlow](https://medium.com/predict/bayes-text-classification-in-kotlin-for-android-without-tensorflow-d10f1247c23d)
- [Introducing TensorFlow Lite Android Support Library](https://towardsdatascience.com/tensorflow-lite-android-support-library-simply-ml-on-android-561402292c80)

## Android

- [Document Scanner](https://github.com/shubham0204/Simple_Document_Scanner_Android)
- [MedSwift](https://github.com/Advait0801/PBL_23/tree/android)
                 
## Stories

- [On-Device Machine Learning In Android: Frameworks and Ecosystem](https://proandroiddev.com/on-device-machine-learning-in-android-frameworks-and-ecosystem-888bc42a1d21#9d2f-9c8d5ba90769)
- [Using C/C++ in Android: A Comprehensive Guide For Beginners](https://proandroiddev.com/using-c-c-in-android-a-comprehensive-guide-for-beginners-8a870cf3dba6)
- [Building A Cross-Platform TFIDF Text Summarizer In Rust](https://towardsdatascience.com/building-a-cross-platform-tfidf-text-summarizer-in-rust-7b05938f4507)
- [Managing Deep Learning Models Easily With TOML Configurations](https://medium.com/towards-data-science/managing-deep-learning-models-easily-with-toml-configurations-fb680b9deabe)
- [`glove-android`: Using GloVe Word Embeddings for NLP In Android](https://medium.com/proandroiddev/glove-android-using-glove-word-embeddings-for-nlp-in-android-b7e412cf5de6)
- [Chaquopy: Using Python In Android Apps](https://proandroiddev.com/chaquopy-using-python-in-android-apps-dd5177c9ab6b)
- [Using Websockets To Run Terminal Commands From Android Apps](https://medium.com/gitconnected/using-websockets-to-run-terminal-commands-from-android-apps-69f42b1d0b40)
- [Creating Desktop Apps For TensorFlow Models With Qt](https://medium.com/geekculture/creating-desktop-apps-for-tensorflow-with-qt-7b23d57c6557)
- [Building a Simple Document Scanner in Android](https://medium.com/geekculture/building-a-simple-document-scanner-in-android-1b4b11b3e407)
- [Deploying Scikit-Learn Models In Android Apps With ONNX](https://towardsdatascience.com/deploying-scikit-learn-models-in-android-apps-with-onnx-b3adabe16bab)
- [Empirical Distribution — Everything You Need To Know
](https://towardsdatascience.com/understanding-empirical-distributions-ed131de5f3df)
- [Human-In-The-Loop Systems — All You Need To Know](https://towardsdatascience.com/human-in-the-loop-systems-all-you-need-to-know-c260920b8acf)
- [Deploying TF Models on Heroku for Android Apps](https://heartbeat.comet.ml/deploying-tf-models-on-heroku-for-android-apps-8068f8363978)
- [Accessing App Usage History In Android](https://proandroiddev.com/accessing-app-usage-history-in-android-79c3af861ccf#6224)
- [No, Kernels & Filters Are Not The Same](https://towardsdatascience.com/no-kernels-filters-are-not-the-same-b230ec192ac9)
- [Deploying Pretrained TF Object Detection Models on Android](https://towardsdatascience.com/deploying-pretrained-tf-object-detection-models-on-android-25c3de92caab)
- [Realtime Selfie Segmentation In Android With MLKit](https://proandroiddev.com/realtime-selfie-segmentation-in-android-with-mlkit-38637c8502ba)
- [Grad-CAM: A Camera For Your Model’s Decision](https://towardsdatascience.com/grad-cam-camera-for-your-models-decision-1ef69aae8fe7)
- [MLP Mixer Is All You Need?](https://towardsdatascience.com/mlp-mixer-is-all-you-need-20dbc7587fe4)
- [Age + Gender Estimation in Android with TensorFlow](https://equipintelligence.medium.com/detecting-age-and-gender-with-tf-lite-on-android-33997eed6c25)
- [Using FaceNet For On-Device Face Recognition With Android](https://towardsdatascience.com/using-facenet-for-on-device-face-recognition-with-android-f84e36e19761)
- [Coding Feed-Forward Neural Networks in Kotlin (or Android)](https://heartbeat.fritz.ai/coding-feed-foward-neural-networks-in-kotlin-or-android-b93efd47538f)
- [Q-Learning With The Frozen Lake Environment In Android](https://heartbeat.fritz.ai/q-learning-with-the-frozen-lake-environment-in-android-937cf48dcc52)
- [Hyperparameter Optimization With Genetic Algorithms In Kotlin](https://heartbeat.fritz.ai/hyperparameter-optimization-with-genetic-algorithms-in-kotlin-75e9c5a1e5ab)
- [Image Classification With TensorFlow 2.0 ( Without Keras )](https://becominghuman.ai/image-classification-with-tensorflow-2-0-without-keras-e6534adddab2)
- [Get Started With TensorFlow 2.0 and Linear Regression](https://towardsdatascience.com/get-started-with-tensorflow-2-0-and-linear-regression-29b5dbd65977)
- [Cityscape Image Segmentation With TensorFlow 2.0](https://towardsdatascience.com/cityscape-segmentation-with-tensorflow-2-0-b320b6605cbf)
- [4 Awesome Ways Of Loading ML Data In Google Colab](https://towardsdatascience.com/4-awesome-ways-of-loading-ml-data-in-google-colab-9a5264c61966)
- [Neural Implanting With AutoEncoders and TensorFlow](https://towardsdatascience.com/neural-implanting-with-autoencoders-and-tensorflow-9c2c7b532198)
- [Colorizing B/W Images With GANs in TensorFlow](https://heartbeat.fritz.ai/colorizing-b-w-images-with-gans-in-tensorflow-f444f737db6c)
- [Exploring Random Forests In Light Of Kotlin](https://heartbeat.fritz.ai/exploring-random-forests-in-the-light-of-kotlin-250210793248)
- [Gaussian Naive Bayes ( for Iris Classification ) in Android](https://heartbeat.fritz.ai/implementing-the-gaussian-naive-bayes-classifier-in-android-67746b69d1b1)
- [Sarcasm Detection using Word Embeddings in Android](https://medium.com/@equipintelligence/sarcasm-detection-using-word-embeddings-in-android-999a791d676a)
- [Hands-on With Multiple Linear Regression on Android](https://medium.com/@equipintelligence/hands-on-with-multiple-linear-regression-on-android-723a29e4f690)
- [Bayes Text Classification in Kotlin for Android without TensorFlow](https://medium.com/predict/bayes-text-classification-in-kotlin-for-android-without-tensorflow-d10f1247c23d)
- [How I made Skinly for Melanoma Detection in Android](https://medium.com/dataseries/how-i-made-skinly-for-melanoma-detection-in-android-6ad00f0bd26d)
- [Text Classification in Android with TensorFlow](https://medium.com/dataseries/spam-classification-in-android-with-tensorflow-lite-cde417e81260)
- [Designing Decision Trees From Scratch on Android](https://medium.com/@equipintelligence/designing-decision-trees-from-scratch-on-android-68bf7ee0d01a)
- [Introducing TensorFlow Lite Android Support Library](https://towardsdatascience.com/tensorflow-lite-android-support-library-simply-ml-on-android-561402292c80)
- [Introducing Text2Summary: Text Summarization on Android](https://medium.com/@equipintelligence/introducing-text2summary-text-summarization-on-android-674b62419019)

### [Demystifying Mathematics - Shubham Panchal](https://medium.com/@equipintelligence/list/mathematics-demystified-7e4d1c18041f)

- [Kernels: Everything You Need to Know](https://towardsdatascience.com/kernels-everything-you-need-to-know-f5d255d95785)
- [Principal Component Analysis: Everything You Need To Know](https://towardsdatascience.com/principal-component-analysis-everything-you-need-to-know-5f834c9eaa83)
- [Demystifying Monte Carlo Integration](https://www.cantorsparadise.com/demystifying-monto-carlo-integration-7c9bd0e37689)
- [Demystifying Linear Independence](https://www.cantorsparadise.com/linear-independence-demystified-88235936722d)
- [Demystifying Probability Distributions ( 1 / 3 )](https://www.cantorsparadise.com/demystifying-probability-distributions-1-2-6db4a3fd3a60)
- [Demystifying Probability Distributions ( 2 / 3 )](https://equipintelligence.medium.com/demystifying-probability-distributions-2-3-ea4f5386113a)
- [Demystifying Probability Distributions ( 3 / 3 )](https://www.cantorsparadise.com/demystifying-probability-distributions-3-3-c06382b49e34)
- [Demystifying The Moore-Penrose Generalized Inverse](https://www.cantorsparadise.com/demystifying-the-moore-penrose-generalized-inverse-a1b989a1dd49)
- [Taylor Series And The Power Of Approximation](https://www.cantorsparadise.com/taylor-series-and-the-power-of-approximation-7d2c16596f89)
- [Entropy In The World Of Computer Science](https://medium.com/swlh/entropy-in-the-world-of-computer-science-2bd736e48c58)

## Google Colab Notebooks - Tutorials

- [Age + Gender Estimation in Android with TensorFlow](https://github.com/shubham0204/Age-Gender_Estimation_TF-Android)
- [Hyperparameter Optimization Using Keras Tuner API](https://colab.research.google.com/github/shubham0204/Google_Colab_Notebooks/blob/main/Hyperparameter_Optimization_Using_KerasTuner.ipynb)
- [Image Colorization With GANs](https://colab.research.google.com/github/shubham0204/Google_Colab_Notebooks/blob/main/ImageColorization_With_GANs.ipynb)
- [Chatbot using Seq2Seq LSTM models](https://colab.research.google.com/github/shubham0204/Google_Colab_Notebooks/blob/main/ChatBot_With_Seq2Seq.ipynb).
- [Neural Machine Translation (NMT) - Translating English sentences to French sentences](https://colab.research.google.com/github/shubham0204/Google_Colab_Notebooks/blob/main/Neural_Machine_Translation_(_Eng_French_).ipynb).
- [Neural Machine Translation (NMT) - Translating English sentences to Marathi sentences](https://colab.research.google.com/github/shubham0204/Google_Colab_Notebooks/blob/main/Neural_Machine_Translation_(_Eng_Mar_).ipynb).
- [Image Classification From Scratch With TensorFlow 2.0 **( Without Keras! )**](https://colab.research.google.com/github/shubham0204/Google_Colab_Notebooks/blob/main/Image_Classification_TF2.ipynb)
- [Cityscape Image Segmentation with TensorFlow 2.0 **( Without Keras! )** ](https://colab.research.google.com/github/shubham0204/Google_Colab_Notebooks/blob/main/CityScape_Image_Segmentation.ipynb)
- [Face Landmark Detection With TensorFlow](https://colab.research.google.com/github/shubham0204/Google_Colab_Notebooks/blob/main/Face_Landmark_Detection.ipynb)
- [Neural Implanting With TensorFlow](https://colab.research.google.com/github/shubham0204/Google_Colab_Notebooks/blob/main/Neural_Implanting_With_TF.ipynb)
- [Tweet Classification with MLP-Mixers ( TF-Keras )](https://www.kaggle.com/shubham0204/tweet-classification-with-mlp-mixers-tf-keras) ( [Story On Medium](https://towardsdatascience.com/mlp-mixer-is-all-you-need-20dbc7587fe4) )
- [From Paper To Keras: MobileNets With TensorFlow](https://colab.research.google.com/github/shubham0204/Google_Colab_Notebooks/blob/main/MobileNets_With_TensorFlow.ipynb)
- [From Paper To Keras: DenseNets With TensorFlow](https://colab.research.google.com/github/shubham0204/Google_Colab_Notebooks/blob/main/DenseNets_With_TensorFlow.ipynb)

## Spotlight

- [Age + Gender Estimation in Android with TensorFlow](https://github.com/shubham0204/Age-Gender_Estimation_TF-Android) used in [Realtime Age and Gender estimation using MLKit and Tensor Flow Android Studio | Visitor Analysis](https://youtu.be/_o_OFkZnK_8?feature=shared) YouTube video by [The Mobile Dev](https://www.youtube.com/@themobiledev)
- Notebook [Tweet Classification With MLP-Mixers ( TF-Keras ](https://www.kaggle.com/code/shubham0204/tweet-classification-with-mlp-mixers-tf-keras) referred by the paper [Distinguish risk communication and crisis communication based on deep learning model](https://pubs.aip.org/aip/acp/article/2927/1/060019/3279269/Distinguish-risk-communication-and-crisis)
- 
## Pull Requests

- [`handtracking` Android example to `victordibia/handtracking`](https://github.com/victordibia/handtracking/pull/71)
- [depth-estimation Android sample to `SunitRoy2703/Tensorflow-lite-kotlin-samples`](https://github.com/SunitRoy2703/Tensorflow-lite-kotlin-samples/pull/1)
- [air_drawing demo (a sample for hand landmark detection solution) to `googlesamples/mediapipe`](https://github.com/googlesamples/mediapipe/pull/82)
- [script for building Debian package to `ataractic/libcfg`](https://github.com/ataractic/libcfg/pull/4)
- [article `How to Integrate Firebase Authentication with the Ktor Auth Feature` to `mjovanc/awesome-ktor`](https://github.com/mjovanc/awesome-ktor/pull/12)
- [multiple Kotlin libraries like `kotlindl`, `dotenv-kotlin`, `multik` etc. to `mcxiaoke/awesome-kotlin`](https://github.com/mcxiaoke/awesome-kotlin/pull/115)
- [Android demo for `LiheYoung/Depth-Anything`](https://github.com/LiheYoung/Depth-Anything/pull/92)
- [Rust ML frameworks to `josephmisiti/awesome-machine-learning`](https://github.com/josephmisiti/awesome-machine-learning/pull/977)
- [Corrected Android sample code in `README.md` of `codeandtheory/YCharts`](https://github.com/codeandtheory/YCharts/pull/160)
- [Added Mediapipe and ExecuTorch frameworks to `merveenoyan/awesome-osml-for-devs`](https://github.com/merveenoyan/awesome-osml-for-devs/pull/1)
- [Added `gnp/minbpe-rs` to `karpathy/minbpe` as a community extension](https://github.com/karpathy/minbpe/pull/67)
